


We have a server/model/stream_model.go that stores state in redis and notifies all affected clients when the state changes, through an integration at server/connect/resident.go . We need to add an analogous model for network peers, called peer_model.go . It will store the set of connected client_ids per network. It will also store a set of meta data for each client_id: the enabled provide modes, the identity principal, and the new roles list. The resident will need to notify each client of diffs to the peer list, and notify the clients of the complete peer list on each connect. We will need to add a new connect/peer_manager.go similar to stream_manager.go that manages the peer update messages and exposes them through the stubbed listener in Client. New peer notificaiton message types will need to be added to the protocol. We also want a fast network peer discovery api that gives all the peers and meta data for the authed client id, using peer_model.

We will also want to add a list of string roles per client id and an identity principal per client id. The roles are assigned when a client is created. The admin key can assign any role to any client at creation. In future work we will scope auth tokens to specific roles and identities, as well as auto assign roles for various authentications. Currently we have only one login that we call the admin. Roles are a list of strings that are assigned by the admin. The actual values have no meaning to the network. We want to change the message callback to accept a []string roles and string principal in addition to the provide mode for the frame. The roles and principal should also be added to the contract when the provide mode is network. For all other provide modes, the roles and principal on the contract should not be set. The frame callback will pass nil roles and empty principal for provide modes that are not network. Otherwise it will take the information from the currently active contract. The api will need to be updates to reflect allowing principal and roles on client creation and auth token creation. The roles and principal identity should be stored in peer_model for fast lookup.


